hello I am in a day in the face let's make
up I want to share with you an idea
very special that I made this week with
the reason for mothers' day is a
very simple economical decorative idea
you can use things that already maybe
you have at home and it's a good idea to
recycle and you can customize it and be
the reason for a detail for relatives
and friends
highlights of glaciers peaks
the debate on the law balls
years and light summer the arts in
hardware when exercising in darfour film no
only in truth does he supervise the off of the
law balls of on line known to see a
small soldier in regular liquid of
show of bias the guy retraces boom and
be something that I fall in love with this idea is
do not detail what is personalized and special
what can you do with the
messages that you will put as decoration
in this case as I am doing only to
my mother that I have messages for him like
for example thank you for your great love for
your courage for your fight for your scolding
for your sleeplessness for your anguish
your time for all those things that
mothers always have for their children
but I also wanted to thank you for
special moments that happened
in our lives as mother and daughter by
example something that I remember a lot of
christmas and here what's the thanks for that
it's thanks for my barbie my first
barbie and my fuzzy you remember
thanks for letting me play with your
dressed heels and makeup that all
we girls do that with the things of
our moms here I also put
thanks for teaching me to use the
beet like blush that was something that already
he taught me how to help that he maintained
bothering with your makeup that already
I bought beets and I used to put beets
in the cheeks as if it were blush and
well I was not mistreating the skin of
a 45-year-old girl is crazy because
you're where you already and things like these
that put a little bit that personal touch
special fun and I'm sure that
they will be able
not only steal tears from their
mothers but also to make them laugh
and remember beautiful moments that have
lived in their lives
ay from sant just desvern popey newspapers
to reflectors preprocessing processes
of the air of fuerte bad news and paper de
years recording of zaitu piper in the
Taiwanese computer and play with different
to dimensions to detail palm trees
dear of techniques and now that they are
he only came down in creative hatred in jazz
Imagine create del camal believe a
that fiction I neither after seeing
side of the insider there is of May 7 in
7 derbi with is known to have no
embargo or cause alleges to be fire or
Benítez in the first leg because they are
big love
and it's ready in the idea that I wanted
share with you I hope there will be
liked and I would like very much if
encourage you to do something so beautiful and
special as this as a gift either
for mother's day or any other
special occasion you have with a
family and friend share us
creation on my facebook page of
painted mail then see you in the
next video if God wants thanks for
be around here with me again and
It will be until next time
chau bye